README.md, before:

# generator-babel-standard
[![travis][travis-image]][travis-url]
[![npm][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![js-standard-style][standard-style-image]][standard-style-url]

[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/unkillbob/generator-babel-standard.svg?style=flat
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/unkillbob/generator-babel-standard
[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/generator-babel-standard.svg?style=flat
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/generator-babel-standard
[standard-style-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat
[standard-style-url]: https://github.com/feross/standard

> [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io) generator for simple node modules with [babel](https://github.com/babel/babel) transpiling and code style with [feross/standard](https://github.com/feross/standard).

## Getting Started

Install [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io):

```bash
npm install -g yo
```

Install `generator-babel-standard`:

```bash
npm install -g generator-babel-standard
```

Finally, initiate the generator:

```bash
yo babel-standard
```

![](screenshot.png)

## Contributing

### Build

```js
npm run build
```

### Test

```js
npm test
```

### Watch

To watch for changes, build them and run the tests:

```js
npm run watch
```

## Credits

- Generator heavily inspired by / borrowed from [sindresorhus' generator-nm](https://github.com/sindresorhus/generator-nm).
- npm script style tooling inspired by [substack's task automation with npm run](http://substack.net/task_automation_with_npm_run)

## License

MIT © [James Bunt](http://github.com/unkillbob)

Commit message:

Document what the generated module provides
Fixes #4

README.md, after:

# generator-babel-standard
[![travis][travis-image]][travis-url]
[![npm][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![js-standard-style][standard-style-image]][standard-style-url]

[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/unkillbob/generator-babel-standard.svg?style=flat
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/unkillbob/generator-babel-standard
[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/generator-babel-standard.svg?style=flat
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/generator-babel-standard
[standard-style-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat
[standard-style-url]: https://github.com/feross/standard

> [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io) generator for simple node modules with [babel](https://github.com/babel/babel) transpiling and code style with [feross/standard](https://github.com/feross/standard).

## What do I get?

This generator scaffolds a simple node module with all the bells and whistles.

#### ES6 with Babel

Write your code in the latest version of JavaScript and let [babel](https://github.com/babel/babel) transpile it to compatible ES5 code for you.

#### Code style and linting with Standard

Write your JavaScript [standard](https://github.com/feross/standard) style.

#### Extensive build tooling

Transpile your code, run your tests, or start a file watcher that does both of those on every file change. Extensive build tooling implemented via [npm run scripts](https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/scripts).

### See for yourself!

Check out the [example folder](/example) for a sneak peak at a generated module.

## Getting Started

Install [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io):

```bash
npm install -g yo
```

Install `generator-babel-standard`:

```bash
npm install -g generator-babel-standard
```

Finally, initiate the generator:

```bash
yo babel-standard
```

![](screenshot.png)

## Contributing

### Build

```js
npm run build
```

### Test

```js
npm test
```

### Watch

To watch for changes, build them and run the tests:

```js
npm run watch
```

## Credits

- Generator heavily inspired by / borrowed from [sindresorhus' generator-nm](https://github.com/sindresorhus/generator-nm).
- npm script style tooling inspired by [substack's task automation with npm run](http://substack.net/task_automation_with_npm_run)

## License

MIT © [James Bunt](http://github.com/unkillbob)
